---
title: about
---

Jacopo Greco d'Alceo, composer.<br>
He began studying musical composition in Milan. He continued his master's studies in Lyon in the composition department of the CNSMD de Lyon (France). Here he found the ideal environment to cultivate his exploration of the relationship between musical and choreographic composition.<br>
This deeply personal odyssey begins with the piece «trio³» (2017-2019), a co-creation for two percussionists and a dancer. The physical and choreographic engagement of this musical writing led him to discover the importance of space and movement.<br>
Consequently, a new perspective on composition emerged, always situated within the realm of abstract inquiry, looking for interdisciplinary permeability. His pieces since then have always been marked by this: «soffio» (2018, for real-time video, fixed sounds and double bass) explores the museum space, the instrumental space and that of the painting "Cristo alla Colonna" by Donato Bramante in the "Pinacoteca di Brera" in Milan (Italy). It will be performed in New York, selected by the Mise-en «TRICOT» (2021, for camera, fixed sounds and five dancers) represents the culmination and complete fusion of a musical language inseparable from dance. The multifaceted roles of choreographer, composer and director are driven by a genuine artistic imperative to unite these disciplines. It has been selected by at least 9 international short film festivals (including FEST, PöFF and is currently listed in MUBI).<br>His last piece « chiedimi le mie radici », for a dancer in a quadraphony, is the result of a strict relationship between technique and artistic project with the parallel development of *Cordelia*, an intimate live coding language and a compositional method. <br>
Jacopo will publish 2 albums with [Tsuku Boshi records](https://tsukuboshi.wordpress.com/).<br>
His career has been profoundly marked by Anne Martin, Jean Geoffroy, Alain Savouret, Giovanni Verrando, Andrea Agostini, Hervé Robbe and François Roux.<br>
Jacopo is a laureate of the Fondation Royaumont.<br>